Docs: Fix query history documentation (#52610)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/explore/query-management.md

## Query history

> Query history is a list of queries that you have used in Explore. The history is stored in Grafana database and it is not shared with other users. Retention period for queries in history is 2 weeks. Queries older than 2 weeks are automatically deleted. To open and interact with your history, click the **Query history** button in Explore.
> 
> > **Note**: Starred queries are not subject to 2 weeks retention period and they are not deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query history is a list of queries that you used in Explore. The history is stored in the Grafana database and it is not shared with other users. The retention period for queries in history is two weeks. Queries older than two weeks are automatically deleted. To open and interact with your history, click the **Query history** button in Explore.

> **Note**: Starred queries are not subject to the two weeks retention period and they are not deleted.
```

> > **Note**: Starred queries are not subject to 2 weeks retention period and they are not deleted after 2 weeks.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Starred queries are not subject to 2 weeks retention period and they are not deleted.
```
